EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (VERSION 1)

This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of January 15, 2026 ("Effective Date"), by and between Innovate Tech Solutions, Inc. ("Company") and Sarah Chen ("Employee").

1. POSITION AND DUTIES
Employee shall serve as Senior Product Manager and shall perform all duties and responsibilities associated with such position or any other position to which Employee may be assigned by Company. Employee shall report to the Director of Product Development.

2. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT
Employee's employment is at-will and may be terminated by either party at any time, with or without cause, upon written notice as specified in Section 5.

3. COMPENSATION
3.1 Annual Salary. Company shall pay Employee an annual salary of $125,000, payable bi-weekly in accordance with Company's normal payroll practices.

3.2 Bonus. Employee shall be eligible for an annual performance bonus of up to 20% of annual salary, based on achievement of individual and Company objectives to be established by Company. Bonus payments shall be made by March 31st of the following year.

3.3 Benefits. Employee shall be entitled to participate in all health insurance, retirement, and other benefits plans and programs provided by Company to similarly situated employees.

4. WORK SCHEDULE
Employee shall work a standard schedule of forty (40) hours per week. Employee may be required to work additional hours as needed to perform Job duties.

5. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT TERMINATION
5.1 Termination by Employee. Employee may terminate employment upon thirty (30) days' written notice to Company.

5.2 Termination by Company. Company may terminate employment at any time without cause. In the event of termination without cause, Employee shall receive severance equal to four (4) weeks of base salary.

5.3 Termination for Cause. Company may terminate employment immediately for Cause (including theft, dishonesty, insubordination, or violation of Company policies). No severance is due upon termination for Cause.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY
Employee acknowledges that during employment, Employee will have access to confidential and proprietary information of Company. Employee agrees to maintain the confidentiality of such information both during and after employment.

7. INVENTIONS
All inventions, discoveries, improvements, works of authorship, and other intellectual property developed by Employee during employment that relate to Company's business shall be the sole and exclusive property of Company.

8. NON-COMPETITION
During employment and for a period of one (1) year following termination, Employee shall not, without Company's prior written consent, directly or indirectly compete with Company or engage in any business that is competitive with Company's business within a 50-mile radius of Company's principal place of business.

9. NON-SOLICITATION
For a period of two (2) years following termination of employment, Employee shall not solicit, recruit, or attempt to recruit any employee of Company or solicit the business of any customer of Company.

10. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflict of law principles.