EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (VERSION 2 - REVISED)

This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of February 1, 2026 ("Effective Date"), by and between Innovate Tech Solutions, Inc. ("Company") and Sarah Chen ("Employee").

1. POSITION AND DUTIES
Employee shall serve as Senior Product Manager and shall perform all duties and responsibilities associated with such position or any other position to which Employee may be assigned by Company at its sole discretion. Employee shall report to the Vice President of Product Development and shall be subject to Company policies and procedures.

2. EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP
Employee's employment is at-will and may be terminated by either party at any time, with or without cause, upon written notice as specified in Section 5. Nothing in this Agreement creates an employment contract for any specific term.

3. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS
3.1 Annual Salary. Company shall pay Employee an annual salary of $130,000, payable bi-weekly in accordance with Company's normal payroll practices.

3.2 Performance Bonus. Employee shall be eligible for an annual performance bonus of up to 25% of annual salary, based on achievement of individual objectives, team goals, and Company performance metrics to be established by Company. Bonus payments shall be made by April 15th of the following year.

3.3 Benefits. Employee shall be entitled to participate in all health insurance, retirement plans (401(k) matching up to 4%), paid time off (20 days annually), and other benefits plans provided by Company.

3.4 Professional Development. Company shall provide an annual professional development budget of $2,000 for training and conference attendance.

4. WORK SCHEDULE AND LOCATION
Employee shall work a standard schedule of forty (40) hours per week, with flexibility for remote work one day per week. Employee may be required to work additional hours or travel as needed to perform Job duties.

5. EMPLOYMENT TERMINATION
5.1 Termination by Employee. Employee may terminate employment upon thirty (30) days' written notice to Company, during which Employee shall continue to perform all duties.

5.2 Termination by Company Without Cause. Company may terminate employment at any time without cause. In the event of termination without cause, Employee shall receive severance equal to six (6) weeks of base salary plus accrued vacation.

5.3 Termination for Cause. Company may terminate employment immediately for Cause, including but not limited to gross misconduct, theft, dishonesty, serious violation of Company policies, or repeated failure to perform duties after written warning. No severance is due upon termination for Cause.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY AND TRADE SECRETS
Employee acknowledges access to confidential and proprietary information. Employee agrees to maintain confidentiality both during and after employment, and shall return all confidential materials upon termination.

7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All inventions, discoveries, improvements, and intellectual property developed by Employee during employment using Company resources shall be the sole property of Company.

8. NON-COMPETITION
For a period of eighteen (18) months following termination, Employee shall not compete with Company or engage in competitive business within a 75-mile radius of Company's locations.