EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (VERSION 3 - FINAL NEGOTIATED)

This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of March 1, 2026 ("Effective Date"), by and between Innovate Tech Solutions, Inc. ("Company") and Sarah Chen ("Employee").

1. POSITION, DUTIES AND REPORTING
Employee shall serve as Senior Product Manager reporting to the Vice President of Product Development. Employee shall perform all duties and responsibilities customary for this position and such other reasonable duties as may be assigned by Company.

2. EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP
Employee's employment is at-will and may be terminated by either party at any time, with or without cause, upon written notice as specified in Section 5. This Agreement constitutes the entire employment arrangement and supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements.

3. COMPENSATION, BONUS, AND BENEFITS
3.1 Annual Salary. Company shall pay Employee an annual salary of $135,000, payable bi-weekly in accordance with Company's normal payroll practices.

3.2 Annual Performance Bonus. Employee shall be eligible for an annual performance bonus of up to 25% of annual salary, based on achievement of mutually agreed objectives. Bonus determination shall occur by April 30th of the following year, with payment by May 15th.

3.3 Comprehensive Benefits. Employee shall be entitled to:
    (a) Health insurance (medical, dental, vision) with Company paying 80% of premiums;
    (b) 401(k) retirement plan with Company match up to 5% of salary;
    (c) Paid time off (20 days annually, increasing to 25 days after 3 years);
    (d) Paid holidays (10 per year);
    (e) Professional development budget of $3,000 annually.

4. WORK SCHEDULE, LOCATION, AND FLEXIBILITY
Employee shall work a standard schedule of forty (40) hours per week with flexibility for hybrid remote work (up to 3 days per week). Employee may be required to work additional hours or travel as needed to perform duties.

5. EMPLOYMENT TERMINATION AND SEVERANCE
5.1 Termination by Employee. Employee may terminate employment upon thirty (30) days' written notice.

5.2 Termination by Company Without Cause. Company may terminate employment at any time without cause. Employee shall receive severance equal to eight (8) weeks of base salary plus prorated bonus plus accrued vacation.

5.3 Termination for Cause. Company may terminate for Cause (gross misconduct, theft, dishonesty, material policy violation, or failure to perform after 30-day written warning). No severance applies to termination for Cause.

5.4 Severance Contingency. Severance payments are contingent upon Employee executing a release of claims and compliance with confidentiality and non-competition obligations.

6. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND TRADE SECRETS
Employee agrees to maintain confidentiality of all proprietary and confidential information of Company both during and after employment. Employee shall return all confidential materials upon termination.

7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP
All work product, inventions, discoveries, and intellectual property created by Employee during employment or using Company resources shall be the exclusive property of Company.

8. NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION
8.1 Non-Competition. For twelve (12) months following termination, Employee shall not directly or indirectly compete with Company within a 50-mile radius of Company's principal location.

8.2 Non-Solicitation. For twenty-four (24) months following termination, Employee shall not solicit or recruit Company employees or solicit Company customers for competitive purposes.